README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="./logo.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Holdem Chain Logo" />
  <h1>HOLDEM CHAIN</h1>
  <p><strong>Full-stack poker platform on the blockchain</strong></p>

  [![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0--mainnet-emerald.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://0xtech.org)
  [![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-live-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://0xtech.org)
  [![Tech](https://img.shields.io/badge/stack-React%20%7C%20Solidity%20%7C%20WebSockets-black.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://0xtech.org)
</div>

---

<h2>Check Poker</h2>
Live Demo: https://holdem-chain-demo.vercel.app/
<img src="./preview.png" alt="Holdem Chain Preview" />

## 🌌 Overview

Holdem Chain is a high-performance, poker platform engineered for professional traders and developers. By combining institutional-grade execution speed with a robust developer ecosystem, Holdem Chain provides the foundational layer for full-stack poker platform on the blockchain.

## ⚡ Key Features

- **Institutional Infrastructure**: Built for speed, security, and scalability.
- **On-Chain Custody**: Fully transparent, non-custodial asset management.
- **Advanced Logic**: Optimized smart contracts and backend systems.
- **Developer First**: Robust SDKs and APIs for seamless integration.
- **High Liquidity**: Access to global markets and deep liquidity pools.

### Installation

1. **Install dependencies**
   \`\`\`bash
   bun install
   \`\`\`

2. **Launch Development Server**
   \`\`\`bash
   bun dev
   \`\`\`

## API & Logic

Holdem Chain provides a comprehensive API surface for both frontend interactions and external integrations.

- **\`/api/core/*\`**: Direct interaction with Holdem Chain core features
- **\`/api/data/*\`**: Market data and analytics
- **\`/api/user/*\`**: User profiles and settings

## Security

- **Non-Custodial**: All operations are signed via your wallet.
- **Encryption**: Sensitive data handled following industry best practices.
- **Audit Ready**: Modular code structure for security reviews.

## Contact
- **Telegram**: [Metadevxi](https://t.me/metadevxi)
- **Website**: [https://0xtech.org](https://0xtech.org/)
- **Email**: [metadevxi@gmail.com](mailto:metadevxi@gmail.com)

## License

© 2026 Orbit Foundation. All rights reserved. Built for the decentralized future.

Commit message:

Enhance README: Add Support CTAs and CI Workflows

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="./logo.png" width="128" height="128" alt="Holdem Chain Logo" />
  <h1>HOLDEM CHAIN</h1>
  <p><strong>Full-stack poker platform on the blockchain</strong></p>

  [![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0--mainnet-emerald.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://0xtech.org)
  [![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-live-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://0xtech.org)
  [![Tech](https://img.shields.io/badge/stack-React%20%7C%20Solidity%20%7C%20WebSockets-black.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://0xtech.org)

[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/metadev-xi/holdem-chain?style=social)](https://github.com/metadev-xi/holdem-chain)
[![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/metadev-xi/holdem-chain?style=social)](https://github.com/metadev-xi/holdem-chain)
[![Activity](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/metadev-xi/holdem-chain?style=flat-square&color=blue)](https://github.com/metadev-xi/holdem-chain)
</div>

---

<h2>Check Poker</h2>
Live Demo: https://holdem-chain-demo.vercel.app/
<img src="./preview.png" alt="Holdem Chain Preview" />

## 🌌 Overview

Holdem Chain is a high-performance, poker platform engineered for professional traders and developers. By combining institutional-grade execution speed with a robust developer ecosystem, Holdem Chain provides the foundational layer for full-stack poker platform on the blockchain.

## ⚡ Key Features

- **Institutional Infrastructure**: Built for speed, security, and scalability.
- **On-Chain Custody**: Fully transparent, non-custodial asset management.
- **Advanced Logic**: Optimized smart contracts and backend systems.
- **Developer First**: Robust SDKs and APIs for seamless integration.
- **High Liquidity**: Access to global markets and deep liquidity pools.

### Installation

1. **Install dependencies**
   \`\`\`bash
   bun install
   \`\`\`

2. **Launch Development Server**
   \`\`\`bash
   bun dev
   \`\`\`

## API & Logic

Holdem Chain provides a comprehensive API surface for both frontend interactions and external integrations.

- **\`/api/core/*\`**: Direct interaction with Holdem Chain core features
- **\`/api/data/*\`**: Market data and analytics
- **\`/api/user/*\`**: User profiles and settings

## Security

- **Non-Custodial**: All operations are signed via your wallet.
- **Encryption**: Sensitive data handled following industry best practices.
- **Audit Ready**: Modular code structure for security reviews.

## Contact
- **Telegram**: [Metadevxi](https://t.me/metadevxi)
- **Website**: [https://0xtech.org](https://0xtech.org/)
- **Email**: [metadevxi@gmail.com](mailto:metadevxi@gmail.com)


## 🌟 Show Your Support

If you find this project useful, please consider giving it a ⭐ on GitHub! It helps us keep the project active and reach more developers.

- **Star this repo**
- **Fork to customize**
- **Follow for updates**

---

## License

© 2026 Orbit Foundation. All rights reserved. Built for the decentralized future.
